---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "devlake_bitbucketserver_connection_scopeconfig Resource - devlake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# devlake_bitbucketserver_connection_scopeconfig (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_id` (String) The connection id of the connection this scope config belongs to.
- `name` (String) The name of the scope config.

### Optional

- `entities` (List of String) The entities this scope config uses, e.g. 'CODEREVIEW', 'CROSS' or 'CODE'. See the documentation for the meaning of the individual values.
- `pr_component` (String) Text (PR body) that matches the RegEx will be set as the component of the pull request.
- `pr_type` (String) Text (PR title) that matches the RegEx will be set as the type of a pull request.
- `ref_diff` (Attributes) Calculate the commits diff between two consecutive tags that match the following RegEx. Issues closed by PRs which contain these commits will also be calculated. The result will be shown in table.refs_commits_diffs and table.refs_issues_diffs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ref_diff))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) When the scope config was created in devlake.
- `id` (String) Numeric identifier for the connection scopeconfig. This is a string for easier resource import.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the scope config.

<a id="nestedatt--ref_diff"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ref_diff`

Optional:

- `tags_limit` (Number) Compare the last number of tags.
- `tags_pattern` (String) Matching tags are included in the calculation.
