---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "devlake_github_connection Resource - devlake"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# devlake_github_connection (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (Number) The app id of the github app used for authentication.
- `installation_id` (Number) The installation id of the github app used for authentication.
- `name` (String) The name of the github connection.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) Github app private key used for authentication.

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) The authentication method. Currently only supports 'AppKey'.
- `enable_graphql` (Boolean) Whether to use the faster graphql api endpoints. Defaults to 'true'.
- `endpoint` (String) The base endpoint URL. Defaults to 'https://api.github.com/'.
- `proxy` (String) If you are behind a corporate firewall or VPN you may need to utilize a proxy server.
- `rate_limit_per_hour` (Number) DevLake uses a dynamic rate limit to collect Bitbucket Server/Data Center data. You can adjust the rate limit if you want to increase or lower the speed.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) PAT for github authentication. Currently not supported.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) When the connection was created in devlake.
- `id` (String) Numeric identifier for the connection. This is a string for easier resource import.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the connection.
- `updated_at` (String) When the connection was updated in devlake.
